Previously on Lost:
You ever think they put you here
to push a button every 100 minutes
- just to see if you would?
- Every single day.
Your tour of duty in The Pearl
will last three weeks.
You and your partner will observe
a psychological experiment in progress.
Every single second
of my pathetic little life
is as useless as that button.
If you will not continue
to push the button, John...
...I will.
I'm writing four names down.
Four of your friends.
If you don't bring
all the people on the list,
you'll never see Walt again.
- Walt? I'm sorry! Come here!
- Dad!
Don't leave me. Don't leave me.
I will get you out.
- Dad! Dad! I love you!
- I love you too, Walt.
Michael?
Michael has been compromised.
- Why would he lie to us?
- I believe he's leading you to a trap.
- I have to get my son back.
- We're gonna help you, Michael.
It's gotta be the way I said, man.
You, me, Kate, Sawyer, Hurley.
That's it.
Boat.
Are we rescued? Are we saved? Hey!
- Hey!
Perhaps it's them.
- You see anything?
- No.
- Maybe it's a trap.
- What do you mean, a trap?
You hear that?
Damn it!
You.
So... before you ran off,
I guess you just forgot to mention
that you still have a sailboat.
Why'd you come back?
You think I did it on purpose?
I was sailing for two and half weeks,
bearing due west and making nine knots.
I should've been in Fiji
in less than a week.
But the first piece of land I saw
wasn't Fiji, was it? No.
No, it was here. This... this island.
And you know why?
Because this is it.
This is all there is left.
This ocean and this place here.
We are stuck in a bloody snow globe!
There's no outside world.
There's no escape.
So just... just go away. Let me drink.
Are you still pushing it?
Yeah, we're still pushing it.
Set of keys.
One pocket watch, gold-plated.
One photograph.
One book: Our Mutual Friend.
Why didn't you bring that inside?
To avoid temptation, brother.
I've read everything Charles Dickens
has ever written.
Every wonderful word.
Every book, except this one.
I'm saving it. So it will be
the last thing I ever read before I die.
Nice idea. As long as you
know when you're gonna die.
Lance Corporal Desmond David Hume,
your sentence is hereby complete,
and you are now and forever
dishonorably discharged
from the Royal Scots Regiment
of Her Majesty's Armed Forces.
Long live the queen.
Enjoy your sodding book.
You want a ride?
Not with you.
Get in the car.
Did you bring me a present?
Actually, two presents.
One of these boxes
contains your past, Hume.
The other, your future.
Go ahead. Open it.
You're a bastard, you know that?
The fact that she never received your...
Your sentiments is good for her.
Good because, as far as she's concerned,
you've forsaken her.
- And that's the way it's going to stay.
- Is it now?
Penelope's moved on, Hume.
She's getting married.
This is for your new life,
away from my daughter.
The conditions are simple.
No contact. No calls. No post.
You just... run away, Desmond.
And what makes you think
I would just run away?
Because you're a coward.
On the way to the funeral,
I told you Michael had been
compromised by the Others.
And then you asked me how
we might take advantage of that.
I believe fate
has given us our answer: the boat.
The boat.
This camp Michael
is leading you to across the island,
that is where they will set their trap.
While Michael leads you by land,
I can approach far more quickly by sea,
and I can go ashore undetected.
- Go ashore and do what?
- Scout them.
Their numbers and positions.
Their weapons.
Then I'll go to the nearest beach
and start a signal fire with these.
They burn with a dark black smoke.
You and your team
will come to meet me at the signal,
and we will go in together.
We're not even sure
if Michael's been turned by them.
He has been turned.
I'll have to tell Kate, Hurley
and Sawyer what we're doing...
No. Michael cannot sense
we know he is lying.
All we have
is the element of surprise, Jack.
Right now, it's only
your responsibility to keep it secret.
Black smoke, huh?
This time,
they will know that we are coming.
Hello, John.
Where have you been?
I've been thinking.
About what?
That in a minute,
that computer's gonna start beeping.
And when it does,
you're gonna let it go.
You're gonna let it
run down to zero, past zero,
and you're not gonna push the button.
But I am going to push the button.
Why wouldn't I?
Because you don't want to be a slave.
- I am a slave to nothing.
- You're a slave to that.
Just like I was.
So I'm gonna tell you again...
...don't push it.
Do not tell me what I can't do.
You cannot push that button!
No, it's not real! We're only puppets!
Puppets on strings!
As long as we push it,
we'll never be free.
Well, you're free now, John.
- Do not come back.
- No.
No way. If I take that,
I'm gonna kill someone.
Ain't that the point?
I thought the point
was to get Walt back.
What's the matter?
All that stuff
we found in the medical station.
Costumes, makeup, fake beards. They
want us to think they're hillbillies.
Listen. Listen, I was there.
I saw them.
They are hillbillies. They live in huts.
They eat fish. They're
probably more scared than we are,
and they have no idea we're on our way.
All right. Enough jibber-jabber.
Let's roll.
I need your boat.
I wouldn't waste your time.
There's nothing out there, pal.
I'm not going out there. I need to
get to the north shore, and quickly.
- Off to see the hostiles, are you?
- The what?
You know what? Ignorance is bliss.
The boat's all yours, brother.
For all the good it'll do you.
I don't know how to sail.
Then I suggest
you find someone who does.
Just give me whichever one
has the most caffeine in it, brother.
Damn.
I'm sorry, I've just arrived,
and I spent
all my American money on a taxi.
I've got it.
- That's not necessary.
- It's just four bucks.
I don't suppose you have
42,000 more of those, do you?
- Depends on what it's for.
- I was joking.
No, you weren't.
A solo sailing race around the world?
I've got eight months
to get into the best shape of my life.
But I'll tell you what, miss.
I'm going to win.
And what do you get if you do?
What really matters...
is who I win it from.
"Charles Widmore."
He tried to buy me off,
and when I didn't take his money,
he took away the only thing in the world
that I ever truly cared about.
Who is she?
His daughter.
I was unsuitable on several levels.
And what's the 42 grand for?
It's a wee bit complicated.
As of yet, I don't actually have a boat.
Sorry, did I say something wrong?
I have a boat.
It was my husband's, but... he got sick.
He wanted to sail to the Mediterranean,
but he never...
He passed away... about a month ago.
I'm sorry.
I want you to have it.
- I can't take your boat, miss.
- But you have to.
He'd want you to.
What was your husband's name?
David.
And what did he name his boat?
Elizabeth.
He named it after me.
Then I thank you, Elizabeth.
And I shall win this race... for love.
Would you excuse us, please?
I'll be at the shore.
Don't even think about it.
It's a trap. A net.
Rousseau's got 'em all over the island.
How the hell would you know that?
I kind of tripped one with Jack.
We ended up... Never mind.
What?
When the doc told me
y'all got caught in a net,
I thought he meant... something else.
And since when did you and Jack
start talking about me?
Did that bird just say my name?
Yeah, it did...
right before it crapped gold.
Sorry, man.
I guess I forgot to load that one.
Want to hand me the mag?
John?
What happened to your face?
- Nothing. I'm fine.
- Hey...
...if you're feeling
a little sorry for yourself,
you may want to have a drink
with your mate from the hatch.
I hear he's a little despondent as well.
- What?
- Oh, that's right.
You weren't there
for the dramatic arrival at the funeral.
I think he's pushed your button
too many times, if you ask me.
- Desmond?
- Yeah, Desmond.
I'm sure you two
have a lot to talk about.
I'm sorry if what I said was confusing,
but I asked Jin to come.
You need someone to translate,
and you need at least two people
who know how to sail.
- Desmond managed by himself.
- And look where he ended up.
You're wasting your time, sister.
I shot myself with that stuff
every nine days for three years.
He's lovely.
Is the... is the father
here on the island?
No.
Nope, he's been gone a long time.
Just sort of walked off the moment
he got a bit scared by the situation.
Well, maybe he knew he'd be a lousy dad.
Thought he was doing
what was best for you.
He was doing what was best for him.
How did you find me?
Landlord at your flat
told me you ran here...
- How did you find me?
- I have a lot of money, Desmond.
With money and determination,
you can find anyone.
Did you read your beloved book?
The one you were saving?
Not yet.
I thought you might have read it
while you were away.
I was in prison. Not away.
Why didn't you write to me?
When are you getting married, Pen?
We haven't set a date yet.
- I'll be back in a year.
- What if you were back right now?
I'm going to win this race, Pen.
His race. And in a year, I'll be back.
Desmond, what are you running from?
I have to get my honor back...
...and that's what I'm running to.
So, what did one snowman
say to the other snowman?
Smells like carrots.
- Hello, Desmond.
- Hello, yourself, Box Man.
- Do you mind?
- Oh, I insist.
So you managed
to fix the computer then, did you?
The world's still here, ain't it?
I'm not so sure about that, brother.
Refresh my memory, Desmond.
How long did you say
that you were down there in the hatch?
Three years.
Desmond, what if I told you
that... for all that,
all those years
that you and all the men before you
were down there pushing that button...
What if I told you
it was all for nothing?
I'd ask you how the hell
did you know something like that.
I found another hatch.
Another station on the island.
They called it the Pearl.
And I saw a film there.
An orientation film, and it said
that everything that was happening
in our hatch... wasn't real.
That it was a test.
A psychological experiment.
You're lying.
You want to take a walk?
I'll make the popcorn.
If you're so sure it's not real,
then just stop pushing the button.
Well, I have, except, unfortunately,
someone else decided to start.
So you're gonna sober up.
And we're gonna get
a good night's sleep, and tomorrow,
we're gonna find out what happens
if that button doesn't get pushed.
- Dharma NutraBar?
- No, thanks. I'm not hungry.
You serious?
Hey.
You all right?
Yeah, just getting some more firewood.
Not feeling too hot.
You shouldn't be out here alone.
I'll give you a hand.
Yeah.
Hey, thanks for coming out here,
risking your neck for my boy.
- Live together, die alone, man.
- Yeah.
I don't know what is more disquieting,
the fact that the rest
of the statue is missing,
or that it has four toes.
Eight. Seven. Six.
Five. Four.
One.
- John!
- Neat trick.
John!
John! Can you hear me? Open up!
I hope you're sure about this.
I'm more sure about this
than anything in my entire life.
Don't do this! John!
All right then, Box Man.
We wait.
Are you him?
What?
What did one snowman say to the other?
What are you talking about?
Who are you?
I'm Inman.
Kelvin Inman.
What...?
What happened to my boat?
I found you washed up on the beach.
There was no boat.
What was all that about, then?
Just saving the world.
Not long after
the experiments began, however,
there was... an incident.
And since that time, the following
protocol has been observed.
Every 108 minutes,
the button must be pushed.
From the moment the alarm sounds,
you will have four minutes to enter the
code into the micro-computer processor.
How many times you
gonna watch that thing?
Why are there missing parts?
Radzinsky made some edits.
Who's Radzinsky?
- He was my partner.
- What happened to him?
Just make sure you put that back
behind Turn of the Screw
when you're done with it.
Why do you wear that suit?
So I don't get infected out there.
Give yourself a shot of this
every nine days.
You were out there a while
before I found you.
I hope it's not too late.
- John! Open this door!
- Who is he, Box Man?
The man out there pounding on the door.
His name is Mr. Eko.
Why does Mr. Eko carry around
a stick covered in scripture?
- Because he's a priest.
- Open the door, please.
Can you hear me? Open up!
- We locked out a priest?
- John!
Charlie, do you know how
they got the hatch door open?
No, but if you hum it,
I could probably play it.
How did they open it?
The door that says "quarantine."
- They blew it up. Why?
- Charlie, I need your help.
Oh, now I'm back
in your good graces, Father?
Charlie, John has locked me
out of the hatch.
I believe he is doing this because
he is going to stop pushing that button.
And Charlie, I am absolutely certain
that if he is successful,
in 90 minutes
everyone on this island will die.
- All right, I'm in. I'm in.
- Thank you. Come on, quick.
So these Others, you think they're
left over from the Dharma folk?
- I don't know, man.
- My theory? They're aliens.
That's why they use the fake beards.
Their heads, made of plastetic.
Prosthetic, dude.
You can't even spell,
and now you're correcting me?
- What do you think, Freckles?
- Keep moving, we're being followed.
- What?
- Just keep smiling.
There's at least two of them
across the river.
In five seconds,
I'm gonna turn the tables on them.
- Well, wait a second.
- You in?
Hey!
He's getting away.
- He's dead. We have to find the other!
- No.
- I'm going. Sawyer...
- I said no!
Crazy? They'll know we're coming.
He'll warn them.
It doesn't matter if we catch him now.
They've already been warned.
What do you mean, "warned?"
Why don't you tell them, Michael?
- Don't know what you're talking about.
- Stop lying!
- Tell them.
- Tell them what? I...
I know what you're doing, Michael!
Now, tell them the truth!
- Jack.
- Tell them!
It was the only way.
They gave me a list.
What list?
It had your names on it.
I had to bring all four of you back,
or they said I'd never see my son again.
- Who are they?
- It's like I said.
They live in a camp with huts, and...
I swear, that's it.
You let Henry go?
Did you kill them?
Ana Lucia... and Libby.
Did you?
I had to.
I couldn't find any other way,
and Libby was a mistake.
I didn't have time to think.
But if you did have time...
...you still would've killed her, right?
I'm sorry.
You understand, I am sorry.
I... It's my son.
I'm going back.
No, Hurley.
Hurley, you can't.
We're gonna get killed.
You knew it and let us come anyway.
It's too late to go back now, Hurley.
We caught them following us once.
If they don't believe we trust Michael,
they'll kill us.
I'm sorry that I didn't say anything.
You have to know
that I would never bring you out here
if I didn't have a plan!
What plan?
Sayid!
There.
That's the rock Michael described.
We're here.